We all know Pegle is the greatest game
of all time, but they haven't added any
new content in almost 18 years. So, I
decided to turn Pegle into a Twitch chat
rogike. I made this custom map of random
Pegle where we start from the bottom and
fight our way to the top to defeat the
boss level. But, if we die a single
time, then the run ends and we have to
start over with a new map. And I wrote
some code that lets Twitch chat vote on
where they want to shoot each shot in
the game. And then I get to pick when we
shoot the shot, which means we actually
do have to work as a team to play this.
as well. Additionally, we start the game
with three heroes to pick from. And on
every level, you spend one of your three
heroes. You play with him, but you also
gain a new hero when you beat the level,
which means there is actual strategy
here of picking the route, both based on
the levels themselves and the heroes
that you get. And lastly, every level
has a random nerf, which adds some kind
of mystery challenge to deal with. So,
now it's time to see if we can do all
that [__] from the bottom to the top
without a single death. Let's begin the
Pegle Roglike challenge. If you go to
the right and you go for magic hat, this
is a very hard level. That is a terrible
decision. If you go left, this is the
easiest level in the entire game. And
then you could go here for who? Who's
the best power in the game? Which path?
Left, middle, or right? So, as much as
it is funny to go for magic hat. That is
a terrible strategy, just to be clear.
Unfortunately, Twitch chat could not
resist the meme of magic hat and chose
the right path despite it being a way
harder level. And look, jokes aside,
magic hat is a terrible hero power. It's
legitimately one of the worst. And for
the random nerf on this level, Twitch
chat has to alternate all of their shots
with me, which again, jokes aside, not
actually Nerf. I'm way better than
Twitch Chat at this game, so this level
should be a freebie. Or it would be, but
of course, Twitch chat decided to spend
one of their magic hats on this level.
Pegle Rogike attempt one of the day.
Begin the vote. All right, you're
choosing 50/50. I will do my best to
time this right now. Voting finished.
[Music]
I'm going to hit this orange. Never
mind.
[Music]
I got a free ball. I am legit carrying
this match right now. I do expect a
thank you at the end of this, by the
way. Type it out in chat now. Get it
ready. Thank you, Doug, for playing so
well for us. Oh my god, that was
incredible. That
wasn't [__] I missed the green. Oh my
god. Oops.
That was not a very good shot. You guys
got to do better next time. Here's what
I'm going to do. I'm going to get into
this
donut. Okay, we're shooting at the left
side. I'm going to time this perfectly
so I hit the orange. Check this out. I
actually nailed it. Get your thank yous
ready in chat. I am ripping ass right
now. So, I time this. Hit the orange.
Hit the green. Okay, I set you guys up
with a magic hat. And now this shot is
on you. Voting
finished. Okay, magic hat kind of
actually helped there. I will admit it.
Uh-oh. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We
have no path to this one. Okay, I have a
crazy idea. I'm going to hit this one.
I'm going to clear it for you guys. And
I'm going to hit off this into this
orange. That way, the path is open and
we get the second one.
[__] Okay, this means it's on you guys.
It's your shot. You need to pull this
off. I'm setting you up for a great
shot. 7565 is going to hit this blue
one, I think. I mean, look, I'll trust
you guys. You You always know what
you're doing. Voting finished.
Wait, hold on. No. Now you're going to
blame me if I don't get this perfect
plan. God damn it. You will be able to
legitimately blame me for this loss if I
miss. But that's the thing, chat. I
never miss.
[Music]
Well, as a team, we couldn't pull it
off. And so, thanks entirely to Twitch
chat, and not my fault at all, we did
lose our first run. And so, I generated
a new board. This one actually looks a
lot better cuz there's two Tulas, which
is one of the best hero powers in the
game, by the way. And then chat started
off by picking an easy level, which
unlocks a Tula. Everything is looking
way better, except they used magic hat
again on this level. For this level's
nerf, only Z crew can play. That means
that only people in Twitch chat whose
name starts in the second half of the
alphabet can actually control the game
at all. Incredible board. Amazing
opportunity. I have a good feeling about
this run. Let's send it. Z crew. Let's
go. Remining the votes. Aiming at 50/50.
Fire.
Aiming at 7030. Fire.
This is fine. You're crushing it.
be joining the vote.
That was good. I timed that well. Now
fire.
Oh, we got there. Fire.
[Music]
Aiming at 8350.
Fire. This is an absolutely clean ass
victory. Z crew, take us home. Aiming at
5580. Fire.
This is our run, dude.
Be joining the votes. Aiming at 5:30.
[Music]
Fire. See, that's really
good. Okay, now I do the same
[Music]
shot. This is a run. We have a goddamn
run,
dude. Beautiful. Okay, 69.69 69 is
actually aiming at 6969. Actually a good
shot here. It was actually an amazing
shot.
Look, as long as you get p Oh my god.
Amazing shot. Hit all the oranges. Hit
all the orange. Oh my god. Amazing shot.
Oh, we're [__] nuts. Aiming at 3545.
Fire. Good shot. Good shot.
[__] Okay, I like that shot. I'm going
to time this perfectly and you guys are
all going to say poggies.
Fire.
Oh my god. I tried I tried it perfectly.
Let's [__] it go. This I'll snag
this. We are [__] nuts,
[Music]
dude. Good [__] All right, magic hat is
added to the collection. We have lost
one of our tulas. For the pegging
experts here, probably these levels are
similar difficulty. You could spend one
of your two tulas and that way you would
have a tula, a hat, and a spork and have
like three different options that you
can use depending on the level. Whereas
with magic hat, then you have two magic
hats. Chat has actually resisted the
meme and is going for spork. Our nerf
is for this nerf, I can call up any
friend and they choose where to shoot
the first five shots. So, I called up my
buddy Stance cuz I saved his life one
time in Nicaragua. He owes me big time.
Hi, Stans. Uh, are you doing anything
right now? Just playing Runescape. Could
I enlist your help for about 2 minutes?
Absolutely. What do you need? We're
playing a little bit of Pegle. Me and my
Twitch chat together. You need to pick
the first five shots on this level that
I'm about to play. Okay, chat. What are
What is this option for heroes? Hat,
Tua, and Hat, right? Hat tua. Yeah,
hatua. Okay, I'm going to go Tua. Okay,
Tua. So, first five shots go to you and
then we'll see if Twitch chat can take
it the rest of the way. Where on this
board speaks to you? the top right, the
little less than sign. How high can we
aim? Can we get above it? Yeah, a little
bit on top of it. Like between the
orange and the blue. Oh, like right in
there. Yeah, like right in there. That's
That's speaking to me. That's a good
shot. It's a good juicy shot. Yeah.
Okay.
Imagine. Imagine. Okay. Huge, huge carry
from Stans. All right. We're going to go
right side again. This is crazy. And
we're going to try and hit the bottom
right of that trio. Is that possible for
us to glance it as low as we can get
without hitting that? I think this will
hit the lower one. Yeah, I want to hit
the lower one. I want to hit the lower
one. Okay. I don't know what you're
cooking right now, but we'll I'm seeing
a line. I'm seeing a line. I'm seeing a
line. It was awful. It was It was awful.
It was dog [__] Hey. Hey, there's
always a plan. Stage three of the plan
happens right now. What are you
thinking? Yeah, we're going green and f
bouncing up into the orange. Okay, like
that. It's probably like hereish. Yeah.
Oh, double green. Okay, actually huge.
Do you love thief? Well, now you can
thief all the time. Introducing the new
Thief t-shirt made with 100% premium
cotton for that genuine thief feeling.
Available now at
dougdug.shop. Okay, back to the video.
If we were to shoot between the F and
the E on the left. No, there's really
unless we hit the middle F bar like
there and like fall straight down. Do
you see what I'm Yeah. All right, let's
try it. Shooting it.
Yes, it's exactly what we dreamed of.
You're setting them up good. Okay, final
shot. Better safe than sorry. We're just
going to take the orange on the E. Okay.
At the left side of it because we wanted
to bounce up and maybe take out some Fs.
We want to go up a little bit right.
Yes, sir. Oh, we almost got in the
[__] sweet spot. So, chat tries to
take it home from here. Yeah, you might
want to go off the wall. I think 9030
could be pretty sick, actually. I like
off the wall, too. So, 9030 actually
gets lead. Then I shoot it. Aiming at
9030. Fire.
Oh, good ass shot. Damn. Okay, next
shot. I'm going to try to time this with
a bucket. Aiming at 9040. Fire. Oh wow.
Never mind. You got it. Okay, they're
going 6542. This is better [__] Aiming
at 6542. Fire. That did not [__] No. If
they're a bunch of mavericks who want to
risk it. They could also go for a wall
bounce like 9050 like they're talking
about and then try to bounce into there.
It's that or you keep trying to like
work through all of this [__] But I
think there's too much. Everybody
agrees. 9045. I'm going to try to time
it with bucket. Aiming at 9045. I did
not time that well. Fire. Oh god. But it
did not work at all. [__] We needed way
higher. Aiming at 9040. Fire. Oh, it was
so close. Aiming at 9040. Fire. Why did
it bounce left? Why did it bounce
[Music]
left? Okay. Dan's going to be honest.
This looks pretty bad. Yeah. I love Not
even 62.
6185. You know, 62 is slightly too far.
Yeah. Yeah. 6185 will drop like straight
down and then it's just about me timing
it. Yeah, I hate to put all this
pressure on you. Oh, don't worry. Chat's
been doing that all day. Chad, I'm
humbly requesting 6185. Although, if
it's 62, they could just [__] it up, you
know, cuz then it wouldn't even be about
your timing cuz it's going to bounce so
high. That's true. Yeah, they couldn't
blame me. Okay, we're at 6185. This is
entirely on me. I think I do it right
when the ball bucket is on the right and
starting to move. Oh, that's crazy.
Aiming at 6185. No, it's way too late.
Oh, god damn it.
So, is this one on me chat or
um let's just say equally on you, me,
and like 80% on Twitch chat.
Unfortunately, even with the power of
Stan's really shitty shots, we still
didn't pull it off. The run is
officially dead. But now we finally
rolled a really good board. We're
starting out with a magic hat, a Tula,
and a Jimmy Lightning, who to be honest,
Jimmy is one of the worst heroes in the
game. This actually takes some real
thought cuz Jimmy Lightning is terrible.
So ideally, we get rid of him at some
point and replace him with a better
hero. But it's risky to use him cuz that
means we're more likely to lose the
level, right? So Twitch chat picked the
right path. That'll win us a master who
who is the best hero power by far. It is
literally an aimbot. And we decided to
risk this and blow our Jimmy Lightning.
It's a high-risisk, high reward play.
And lucky for us, we got alternating
shots as a nerf, which makes this even
easier. And since all this [__] wasn't
enough, I also wrote some code that lets
AI Bjorn comment on all of our shots,
which will help or something. See?
[Music]
Uh-oh. Missed the green.
Okay, I need to need to update Bujord.
Hello, Dad. I have two numbers, an X
coordinate and a Y coordinate. I'll just
see what he does with this. It seems
like you've provided values for X and Y,
but it's unclear what you would like to
do with them. Could you please provide
more context or specify what you need?
For example, are you looking to perform
a mathematical operation, plot a graph,
or solve for something specific? He
wants to help. He really wants to help
us. Okay, what we what I should do next
time, same thing. Be like, I'm going to
give you two numbers. Be very emotional.
And that's it. That'll be our next
level. Uh, I shoot here and I should get
both.
This is my new favorite thing that I've
never thought about. Asking an AI for
help, but you don't give it any
information. So, I told Bjorn to get
increasingly emotional about this
gameplay and that my career depends on
it. And now after that level, we had
spent a Jimmy Lightning and gained a
master who. That is a fantastic trade.
Twitch chat now moved up the right path
to win a magic hat while spending a
magic hat. This is a terrible decision.
But our nerf for this level is only
Zcrew can play, which honestly is
probably a good thing. A crew appear to
be the way worst pegle players in this
community. All right, Z crew, take us
home. Be joining the vote.
Extra ball is the power of magic hat,
which is that you don't get him most of
the time. I like that Doug's favorite
bejorn so far is the one he is cucking
any info to help. Cucking is a strong
word for what's happening. It looks like
you've provided two values, X and Y.
Could you please clarify what you would
like to do with these values? Okay, he
kind of got emotional, but not in the
way we're looking for. Okay, I'm going
to time this perfectly. I'm going to hit
the green. Check this [__] out. Now,
dude, look. A crew, I'm not trying to
hate, but when Z crew and I get together
and we play, it's [__] cinema. I
don't know what it is about the two of
us. We just click, man. Be joining the
vote. All right, listen up. You've got
these two numbers. You think I'm just
going to walk away without knowing what
you want? Don't you dare ignore me. I'm
waiting for you to give me something to
work with. Time's ticking. Okay.
Okay. Great shot. Be joining the votes.
Are you kidding me right now? You just
repeated the same thing. You think I've
got nothing better to do than stare at
these numbers without any explanation?
Do you love when Bjorn says UGG? Well,
now you can ug, too. Introducing the new
UGG t-shirt. available now at
dougdug.shop. Okay, back to the video.
Beautiful. Exactly what I wanted. Oh,
beautiful. All right, we're [__]
nuts. Uh-oh. We're 69 isn't even going
to do anything. He's going to be upset.
It's not a game. You hear me? It's
literally Say something already.
[Music]
Doug, please. Beond reminds me too much
of my dad when he's pissed when I can't
do my math homework. I'm [__] and
crying right now. You're going to be
fine. be joining the vote. Finally, a
change. But that doesn't mean you're off
the hook. What's with the 75 and 70 now?
Huh? You think just switching numbers
will calm me down without explanation?
And now I pop it
now. Oh, I thought I might be able to
clear the orange.
Oh. Hey, crew. I love you. You're like a
mother to me. But holy [__] Zrew and I
pop off so hard. And we freaking did it.
All right, we got to run. We got to run.
Next up, Twitch chat picked the skate
park level using their Tula. And for
this nerf, the first five shots must use
my old Twitch play system, which lets
every single chat message directly
control my mouse. And it is a thousand
times harder to coordinate anything. But
if they stick to the sides of the level,
we should be good. And I feel like we
needed more help from Bjorn, so I just
asked him to help. Oh my goodness. I I
completely understand how you might be
feeling right now. The urgency, the need
for clarity. It's also overwhelming,
isn't it? I genuinely want to help you
through this. Please don't feel alone.
We can tackle this together. Does he
think we're going to commit
suicide? All I told him is, here are two
numbers. We need help. That's all I
said. Ready? Yeah. That's That's a good
shot. Oh, hit green. Hit green. Okay,
that was a very good shot, actually.
Good. Good look. It didn't work out
super well, but what you were trying to
do was really good there. Probably want
to try to get in that hole,
maybe. In the hole. In the hole. In the
hole.
Okay. In the bucket. In the Okay, that's
fine. So, two more with this system and
then we're back to normal. Good. Oh,
almost a really really good shot.
Damn.
[Music]
Okay. Okay. That That's good. You got
some got some lower ones. Okay, that's
your five. That's your five. Here's the
challenge. This peg right here. There's
a lot of [__] to get through, and I'm
not sure how we get that. I agree that
here 1050 is a really good bet. Oh, wow.
I can feel the intensity and pressing
need in your words. X is 10 and Y is 50.
The difference between them, that's 40.
Maybe you're looking at how they relate
and that's a significant gap. Whatever
the context or the stakes, please know
that you're not alone in this. We're
not. Just say the word. Okay. I need to
time this with small ball bucket. Well,
yes. Okay. I mean, we didn't get any
oranges, so it's not that good, but I
did time it well. You guys are saying
2060. I don't know why that would hit
here. It would bounce there. Maybe. I
mean, I'll try it. This is why I like
doo streams. I come for the content, but
I stay for the free magical unicorn
therapist. The little freebie we like to
throw in. Oh my goodness. I can feel the
waves of urgency pulsing through your
words. X is 20 and Y is 60. You're not
alone. And together and we can dissect
these numbers to find clarity,
solutions, or whatever it is.
Yeah. Oh my god, you got it. Wow.
Amazing shot. Holy [__] Okay, we need
at least one more ball bucket. Oh, I
truly sense the urgency and weight these
numbers carry for you. X is 80 and Y is
40. Let's peel back the layers. I'm
going
to read them. might be part of something
even bigger. You're taking way too long
difference. It's 40. That's how you
might be critical for you. Let the
unicorn speak. This is like a 30se
second answer.
[Music]
Oh, it bounced off. Fart. Okay, that's
fine. Begin joining the vote. Okay, I'm
going to assume the ball bucket needs to
be [__] it bounced out. [__] Oh, we
might be porked. We have to like clear
this, I think, and then we shoot down
there next turn and have it drop down
and clear these. No, but then we have to
hit that one. [__] I don't know. We're
We're probably bored. Gining the votes.
Okay, that's going to bounce up into the
blue and then immediately drop down. So,
I think I want to do it like
here. It was so much faster. I thought
it would get another bounce in. We can
do it up here. It will bounce off this
cuz that'll be easiest for me to ball
buck
it
now. Oh, okay. We have a chance now. We
just have to hope that our shot bounces
in here somewhere. hits this and bounces
into this one. The odds are low, but we
could do it. Okay, 96 is what I think
it's a good bet. When do I shoot it?
Here, like midway. No, I'm going to play
it
safe and go
now. Drop down. Drop down. Drop
down. Oh my god, we did it.
[Laughter]
Do we have a line being the line? It has
to be as far left as possible while
still hitting the thing. People are
saying 77. 77 is
safe. Oh my
[Applause]
god. Oh my heart, dude. The run is
alive. And with that very stressful win,
we are officially halfway through this
challenge. [__] you, stands. And after
some strategizing, Twitch chat decided
to actually play it safe. We went down
the right path, which is a much easier
level, but we get a pretty bad hero in
return. But because this level is
easier, we can risk using our pumpkin
hero since he's fairly bad as well.
Happy Halloween. Now, let's roll this
[Music]
nerf. You know what? Of all the ones for
this to happen on, it's a pretty good
level, I guess. Send photo, please. You
have been selected. Are you prepared to
guide us to holy victory? I got this
chat. I like the confidence. Send him a
photo. Here's a picture of a traffic
cone.
I think Bejorn could gain some context
from also seeing the traffic cone. Yeah.
Okay, I'll tell him. 6969.
Send photo. We all believe in you.
7640. That's a good looking shot. I like
that shot. Let's get some inspirational
words. Today as Sen Photo Poles, we
proudly celebrate reaching new heights
and overcoming challenges with the
incredible achievement of 76 to 40,
proving that with the unwavering support
of our trusty traffic cone, anything is
possible, right? I forgot about the
cone. Okay, this is probably going to
bounce left, but that's fine. It might
even get the green over there, which
would be
great. Okay, good stuff. Oh, that was
unfortunate. That's all right. That's
all right.
That's all right. Lots of time. Lots of
time. He's so good. He's [__]
incredible, dude. Who knew one person in
chat had this much power? 30
40.
Really? That's unlucky. Bounced away
from the grave. We got a lot of good
oranges there. That's fine. That's fine.
Cleared a lot of oranges. We're in good
shape. Don't worry. Nobody needs to
start panicking yet. 2545.
Okay, hitting the green will make
it
bounce. Ooh, not a great Okay. Oh,
that's good. That's good. Bounced up in.
All right. All right. Excellent. And now
goes to the
right. That was a terrible
bounce. That's fine. I'm not concerned.
Relax. I got this. Yeah. Yeah. Guys,
chill. Relax. Send photo, please. Has
been a beacon of hope in our community
for decades. Send him more photos. Uh,
here's a carbon monoxide detector with
the battery out cuz it ran out of
battery. So, hopefully that helps a bit.
Carbon monoxide. More traffic
cones here. Traffic cone. You [__]
got
[Music]
this. Okay, you you cleared the oranges.
That's is important. This is good. This
is only five left. There's only five
left. Today, ascend photo pills, we
celebrate the remarkable victory of 58
to 48, demonstrating that with resolve
and the steadfast guidance of our trusty
traffic cone, we can achieve success
against all odds. Oh, that's going to
bounce left. If I can. I got you with
the ball bucket right here. Oh, or
spooky. Okay. Okay. So, bounces left.
Hopefully hits the lower one and the
upper send photos is insane. There is
essentially no way he could [__] this
up. Photo now. All right, I got
you. Here you go. This is of uh this
cool streamer. Pog 7070. That could win.
Victory at all costs. I can just win.
That
perfectly won the game. Con, send
photos, please, is [__] nuts. God
damn. How did we luck into getting him
as our chatter? And now, ladies and
gentlemen, we are on to the second to
last level. Our only paths are right,
which is like a medium difficulty level,
and that gets us a master who, again,
the very best power, or left, which
takes us back to the skate park level
that we almost died on, but that would
get us a cinder bottom, who isn't the
best hero in the game, but he's
extremely good at one of the five levels
that we might get for the boss. So,
basically, we're deciding if we play it
safe now, or we risk it so that we're
better prepared for the final boss. And
Twitch chat decided to risk it. So,
we're going back the [__] skate park
level. And to make it even worse, Twitch
chat is using magic hat, so we just need
a decent
nerf. Okay, this one is basically a
buff. In our first five shots, if it's
going badly, we get a reset. So, it's
like one get out of jail free card, but
we have to decide like halfway through.
This is good. This is very, very, very
good. Magic hat, I know I talk a lot of
[__] about you, but in this one
instance, I ask to lend us your power.
Please give us beautiful hats that are
powerful and impactful. Let them be
magical. Chat, let's rip. be joining the
vote.
[Music]
Oh. Oh, that works. Oh, it bounced over
the green. That's unfortunate. Uh 2515.
Oh, that's slightly over. [__] Okay,
whatever. Is it still going to hit the
orange in the corner? That's fine. Oh,
and all right, that worked. You guys
were right. Okay, we got the cat tutt
power. Oh, okay. Bounced up. Got some
good stuff. That was actually helpful.
The cat power was actually great there.
Hey Doug, if we win with Magic Hat on
this level, I think you'll have to do an
apology video to Magic Hat. With this
solid lead, stay focused and determined,
and you'll secure a triumphant victory.
Yeah, he's he's not even acknowledging
the numbers we're sending him
anymore. Okay, unfortunately, we got
triple score instead of magic hat,
but [__] Okay, don't panic. Reset. We
don't need to panic. Just because the
music is a little bit scary, we don't
have to [__] panic right now. Okay,
it's going to go left. I need to time it
so the ball buckets middle. I'm going to
go right
now. That was not what I thought would
happen. Okay. Um [__] Do we panic and
reset? Do we I don't know, dude. Oh
[__] I [__] hate this level. If you
want to reset, you click for menu. Okay,
people want to reset. We're resetting.
This is now the third time we are
playing skate park be joining the vote.
Okay. 2515. I
like fine and that it goes to the right
side. It It's not a terrible
shot. This is not great. Resetting was
mandatory. We need the hat for morale to
push us through to the end. Come on
chat. Let's finish this. Okay.
2715. Beautiful. Beautiful. Oh no. It
bounced off. That's a bummer. Okay. But
we got we we opened a hole. That's
what's important. And we got a
hat. Okay. Got a free ball. I think
10:30 is a good bet, but I have a hard
time with this. We shall unleash our
skill and courage to conquer this
challenge and etch our victory into the
annals of pegle history. We're going to
peg some animals for
sure. Oh, [__] It fell out. Oh, go in.
Go in. Go in. Good. Good. Good. Damn.
Why is it It always goes to the center,
dude. Stay left. Okay. Okay. No, it
almost hit the orange. Okay, that's
going to go right, I think. Kind of an
iffy shot, right? Yeah, that's going to
go right. So, I got to time this like
that. Oh, it went left. Oh my
god, that's unfortunate. This is going
worse than our previous run. Probably
like here. Oh, no. No. No. You got it.
You got it. No. I don't want to lose
this run. This is such a dope run. Don't
panic. We don't need to panic yet. We
are getting close to panic level,
though. Okay, 1665 is what people
want. That went so much faster. I
thought it bounced around, but good
shot. Good shot. Really good shot. We're
in this. I'm going
now. Beautiful shot. Beautiful shot.
Stay right. Stay right. Beautiful shot.
Beautiful shot. Let's go. Let's go. That
was so important. Holy [__] Okay, be
joining the
boat. Okay, so it's Oh, we got magic
hat. Okay, we got an extra ball. That's
very, very helpful. Thank you, Magic
Hat. Okay, it wasn't with the hat
directly, but the power of magic hat
gave us an extra ball. And unless we
[__] up badly, we've survived skate
park. Okay, that works.
Not how I thought that would go, but
okay, this is fine. All right, we clear
the path. We just rejoining the vote. We
just take him out.
[Music]
Oh my god, we're [__] nuts, ladies
and gentlemen. After a lot of attempts,
we are on to the final boss of the
Pegle. Looking forward to that apology
video. Doug Doug, all right by Doug, I
love you. Do you love when Doug Doug
apologizes? Well, now you can apologize
with the new I'm sorry magic hat t-shirt
available now at
dougdug.shop. Okay, back to the video.
Do you love when we go back to the
video? Well, now you can go back to the
video with the brand new Okay, back to
the video t-shirt available now at
dougdug.shop. Okay, then back to the
video. Back to the video. Neck and neck.
Give it your all. Victory
awaits. Oh my
god.
Okay. Jesus Christ. Can we just shoot
directly at the thing, please, Chad?
This run has been way too close. Oh my
god. Level at 16. Push forward and seize
the
[Music]
win. 7880 will clear it.
Down by two. Unleash your spirit and
take charge. This is our new record and
the first time we are entering the boss
level for Magic Hat. After Magic Hat
valiantly sacrificed himself, good
riddance. Now we have the two most
powerful heroes to choose from for the
final boss level. We are in the best
possible position for this. Master who
and Cinderbottom. And this boss level,
it's picked randomly from the final five
levels of the game. These are by far the
most difficult levels, which means we
just have to roll a random number from 1
to five. Our opponent is four force
doable, but it's it's going to require
something of you guys. It's literally
cold. Don't panic. Fortunately for this
level, Master Who will be great. His
aimbot power is absolutely nuts if we
can get it. But even with that, this
level is ridiculously hard. But before
we start, we do have a
[Applause]
nerf. Zcrew kicked off this run and now
A Crew has to close. Zcrew, you've
ushered us here. All right. You ripped
apart the levels whenever you had to
step up. You let A Crew get some extra
time on the bench, build up some energy,
all so they can come into this final
level and take it home for us. Hey crew,
derive your power and your focus from
the cone being the votes. Strategywise,
this stuff down here is going to be
really hard to get. Okay, so what we
want to try to do is save the greens for
later on. Generally, you want to try to
like bounce up into the corners. Why the
[__] are you set on 40? Whatever. I'll
trust you. I'll wait till the ball
bucket's like moving
[Music]
left. Okay, that was actually pretty
[__] sick.
[Music]
Oh, that was so bad.
Is that a cone in your pocket or are you
just happy to see me? No, that's my
penis.
Okay, we cleared two of the lower ones.
They're really
hard. Okay, we got
one. [__] I don't know what we do. I
think that's good. We'll see. I don't
know. We'll [__]
see. Got
it. Oh, another orange. Okay, so the way
this will work is that wherever we shoot
it, it will correct the shot to get as
much as possible. Yeah, if we do a 5745,
I think it'll adjust and get us these
two. Doug, I know you're a part of a
crew and all, but every time you said a
shot was good, it wasn't. You're right.
Let us do our job, please. You're right.
I like mostly have been off. We need
this to clear those top two.
It only cleared
one. It cleared the bottom two as well.
What do we [__] do? We can try to
bounce off this and go for the green.
How do we even get there, brother? You
must clasp tighter to the cone of
destiny. Ah, I'm panicking. If we Oh,
[__] Doug, don't panic. A Who is this,
man? I want to win. I doubt we could get
to the green. We got mega [__] by this
being here. We would basically probably
win if we had that. Okay, 5645. [__] I
don't know how to time this. I'm going
to assume it's going to go
[Music]
under. Okay, if we're going for the
bottom one, try to make it as far right
as possible. Yeah, like 3090 is good.
Pegle defenders, though vastly
outnumbered, our spirit will smash pegs
and topple cones. Fight for victory. I
legitimately throw this run if I don't
time this correctly. I'm imagining it.
I'm visualizing it. [__] Okay, I've
been visualizing it a little early. I
think I need to go slightly
[Music]
late. Okay, how the [__] do we get this
one? The game does have a spot that can
hit that. We just don't know what it is.
The owl had it lined up. The owl lined
it up, but the owl changes it. We don't
know what number that corresponds to.
Oh, you mean like look at the owl. All
right, hold on. Okay, so it's like right
here. I don't know how to visualize
that, man. Fly up the cones. It doesn't
matter.
5543 to glory. Hey crew, comes down to
one shot. Begin the vote. Warriors of
Pegle, our score of 55 to 43 teters on
the brink. Grip your pegs tightly. Aim
like cones of destiny and unleash the
final magnificent shot to seize victory.
Onward to
triumph. Oh my [__]
god. Holy [__] Wow. Did not think that
would happen. Oh my
god. Packagle rog light challenge. Oh,
that was so stressful. A crew more like
based crew. And that's how Twitch chat
completed the Pegle Rogike challenge
against all odds with only 3,131 resets.
This was honestly a super fun challenge.
And that is the end of this video. Thank
you everybody for watching. Be sure to
like, comment. Do you love when the
video's over? Introducing the new video
is over t-shirt available now at
dougdug.shop. Okay, back to the video.